README.md, before:

# Midgard

A collection of microservices and applications built with Go and React Native.

## Project Structure

```
midgard/
├── apps/
│   ├── wellness/           # Wellness API application
│   │   ├── cmd/
│   │   │   └── api/
│   │   │       └── main.go # Application entry point
│   │   ├── internal/
│   │   │   ├── handlers/   # HTTP handlers
│   │   │   ├── middleware/ # Custom middleware
│   │   │   ├── routes/     # Route definitions
│   │   │   ├── sentiment/  # Sentiment analysis model
│   │   │   └── stream/     # Streaming processor
│   │   ├── go.mod          # Go module file
│   │   └── README.md       # Application-specific documentation
│   └── senseclient/        # React Native mobile app
│       ├── src/            # Source code
│       ├── android/        # Android specific code
│       └── README.md       # Application-specific documentation
└── README.md               # This file
```

## Applications

### Wellness API

A Go-based REST API for sentiment analysis using the Gin framework. It provides:

- RESTful API endpoints for sentiment analysis
- Real-time streaming with Server-Sent Events (SSE)
- Request logging and tracking
- Health check endpoints
- API versioning

#### Features

- Simple dictionary-based sentiment analysis
- Concurrent processing with Go channels
- Non-blocking operations
- Graceful shutdown
- Structured error handling

#### API Endpoints

- `GET /health` - Health check endpoint
- `GET /api/v1/ping` - Basic ping endpoint
- `POST /api/v1/sentiment` - Synchronous sentiment analysis
- `POST /api/v1/stream/submit` - Submit text for asynchronous analysis
- `GET /api/v1/stream/results` - Stream analysis results using SSE

For detailed documentation on the Wellness API, see [apps/wellness/README.md](apps/wellness/README.md).

### Sense Client

A React Native mobile application for multi-modal data processing, including:

- Text extraction from images
- Voice processing
- Computer vision capabilities

For detailed documentation, see [apps/senseclient/senseclient.md](apps/senseclient/senseclient.md).

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Go 1.22 or later (for Go applications)
- Node.js v14 or later (for React Native)
- Git

### Running Applications

#### Wellness API

1. Navigate to the wellness app directory:
   ```bash
   cd apps/wellness
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   go mod tidy
   ```

3. Start the server:
   ```bash
   go run cmd/api/main.go
   ```

4. The server will start on `http://localhost:8080`

#### Sense Client

1. Navigate to the senseclient directory:
   ```bash
   cd apps/senseclient
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the client:
   ```bash
   npm start
   # In another terminal
   npm run android
   ```

## Development

### Adding New Applications

1. Create a new directory under `apps/`
2. Initialize appropriate module (Go module or npm)
3. Add your application code
4. Create documentation

### Adding New Features

1. Create a new branch for your feature
2. Make your changes
3. Run tests
4. Submit a pull request

## Testing

- Go applications: `go test ./...`
- React Native: `npm test`

Commit message:

TF-IDF topic analyzer and gin api

README.md, after:

# Midgard

A collection of microservices and applications built with Go and React Native.

## Project Structure

```
midgard/
├── apps/
│   ├── wellness/           # Wellness API application
│   │   ├── cmd/
│   │   │   └── api/
│   │   │       └── main.go # Application entry point
│   │   ├── internal/
│   │   │   ├── handlers/   # HTTP handlers
│   │   │   ├── middleware/ # Custom middleware
│   │   │   ├── routes/     # Route definitions
│   │   │   ├── sentiment/  # Sentiment analysis model
│   │   │   ├── stream/     # Streaming processor
│   │   │   └── topics/     # Topic analysis model
│   │   ├── go.mod          # Go module file
│   │   └── README.md       # Application-specific documentation
│   └── senseclient/        # React Native mobile app
│       ├── src/            # Source code
│       ├── android/        # Android specific code
│       └── README.md       # Application-specific documentation
└── README.md               # This file
```

## Applications

### Wellness API

A Go-based REST API for wellness analysis using the Gin framework. It provides:

- RESTful API endpoints for sentiment analysis
- Wellness topic identification (mental health, physical health, etc.)
- Real-time streaming with Server-Sent Events (SSE)
- Request logging and tracking
- Health check endpoints
- API versioning

#### Features

- Simple dictionary-based sentiment analysis
- Natural language processing for wellness topic identification
- Concurrent processing with Go channels
- Non-blocking operations
- Graceful shutdown
- Structured error handling

#### API Endpoints

- `GET /health` - Health check endpoint
- `GET /api/v1/ping` - Basic ping endpoint
- `POST /api/v1/sentiment` - Synchronous sentiment analysis
- `POST /api/v1/topics` - Identify wellness-related topics in text
- `POST /api/v1/stream/submit` - Submit text for asynchronous analysis
- `GET /api/v1/stream/results` - Stream analysis results using SSE

For detailed documentation on the Wellness API, see [apps/wellness/README.md](apps/wellness/README.md).

### Sense Client

A React Native mobile application for multi-modal data processing, including:

- Text extraction from images
- Voice processing
- Computer vision capabilities

For detailed documentation, see [apps/senseclient/senseclient.md](apps/senseclient/senseclient.md).

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Go 1.22 or later (for Go applications)
- Node.js v14 or later (for React Native)
- Git

### Running Applications

#### Wellness API

1. Navigate to the wellness app directory:
   ```bash
   cd apps/wellness
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   go mod tidy
   ```

3. Start the server:
   ```bash
   go run cmd/api/main.go
   ```

4. The server will start on `http://localhost:8080`

#### Sense Client

1. Navigate to the senseclient directory:
   ```bash
   cd apps/senseclient
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

4. Run on iOS or Android:
   ```bash
   npm run ios
   # or
   npm run android
   ```

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Development

### Adding New Applications

1. Create a new directory under `apps/`
2. Initialize appropriate module (Go module or npm)
3. Add your application code
4. Create documentation

### Adding New Features

1. Create a new branch for your feature
2. Make your changes
3. Run tests
4. Submit a pull request

## Testing

- Go applications: `go test ./...`
- React Native: `npm test`
